Do you think that this information that has reached you
has reached us in an interested way you
just asked me Yes you think Ah no no
I said it a phenomenal question
could there be could there be let's see I
had formulated it to you in a different way better
could there be someone who is happy or
upset with this news
could there be someone who is happy
or upset with this news yes of
course We have to answer little by little
and then people will understand
Of course if we say everything now
but of the news itself
yes of the news itself I
am very red I also just
realized that I am a little red
too eh What do you think it is from the
pool it is from today today I spent
an hour in the pool but what the [ __ ]
From time to time sometimes I
see myself on camera and I say damn I am red
churrojete I am with people I don't like to be
red I don't like to chat
No I haven't put on makeup or anything It's natural it
's natural red
natural red Yeah well
we'll see later during the
night
what will happen for now we are going to comment on the
work are  asking or has
the protagonist herself leaked it to
give it to Antonio David no,
the protagonist is not, that's why I was an
option, it
could be an interested leak on both
sides, of course,
Marta hasn't told me this,
obviously I'm not going to come here to
tell a
name, so let her tell it. If
Marta tells me something, I'm not going to
come here, I mean, having access to come
here, Marta. Because I'm going to, anyway. No, it
wasn't Marta, in fact I would love for
Marta to react to the news if it's
pending, we
're saying that if she wants to
confirm it, deny it, let her do it.
Well, listen to me, the work, her, the light.
What's wrong with her, the light? I see you
wonderfully, daughter, YouTube. I am the one
who is very dark, I'm not going to put on
a little more clarity. Maybe
today she has
already announced one of the jobs on her Instagram account, no,
I'm very happy. No, because we
've said it many times, the girl
may be more or less popular, but
for her job, she's a crack, she's not one
of the best either, no, but we
know another one, no, Marina, we
know, do
you remember that last week she
When she came in here she told us Well there's
something in the air there are little things Well because
now she said that there were some
representatives Well that were
getting in touch with her with whom
she was starting
conversations
and well It seems
that they are trying to
move Marta through the Atresmedia
Antena 3 Sonsoles world through those worlds and
Marta is at risk if it's not this week it's next week
because I already knew this for a
few days now she
has
a test
Javier don't write Marta is at risk she has
to be a
collaborator
of
zapeando my goodness
zapeando exactly zapeando It
's this
zapeando it's a program that shows a lot of
information from many programs from all the
programs of the week of the month and more
no if tapping from the sixth of all the
life of God
look for it for us that's what I was watching
tapping
Hey but zapping How strong what I'm going
to tell you Marino
How strong what is coming to you you're going to say
look what has come out the most nothing more than I have
put zapeando on the screen look
carefully
what it says no Leo
could  Marta Arriesgo and
Maestro Joao could coincide in this program.
Of course, before they were like just
clicking, no, but now they do it like a good one
in Plato, it's changing, it's evolving. Let's
see, it's an option, well, it's an option, it
's a good program to watch. Marta,
on television, yes, it's true that they're
trying out people, you know, they're trying out, they're
trying out and you fit in. Well, everything
would be worth seeing. Let's see, it's a test that
means that she's going to be a collaborator
and that she's going to be the substitute for, I don't
know, Cristina Pedroche. But, well,
hey, it's a possibility, in the end, there's
nothing, also like having a good
representative, I know from experience,
from what I see with colleagues, and we'll
see what happens in the end,
but let's say it's good news.
Marta, come here to share it, what is
this? Imagine Marta with Maestro
Bomba, who came out so ugly. I'm not saying I'm going to
put on a bomba pum sound,
Javi Oliveira. We don't coincide,
Carrasquitas, here on your live show. I don't
understand your question, but well, you
can come here. All of you who want. Well,
very well, Marina.  We wait until
11:30 for that bomb and for that
news that is going to leave people
open because I don't know if Marta will be paying attention
or not will be paying attention to this live
But what I do know is that when you
called me in the afternoon you left me
very expensive Maybe yes because there are many
things and let's see it's that my goodness eh
my goodness my goodness There are very strong things There are
very strong things that cannot be said
There are very strong things that cannot be said
no because it won't be me that we're going to get into
trouble I think that in the end
Look there are many times that I leave things
aside because in the end
time is that in the end everything on one side
on the other it's sure to be there that
eh I mean it's sure to be there it's sure to come
out So we'll go we'll
comment Torito too
who Torito Torito on the sixth is
Torito then
Marina looks more beautiful here on YouTube
than on TV she says thank you thank you very much it
's a compliment because
yes it's that TV makes you fat YouTube it
's not true Hey look how nice super
chat
Marina they don't even want you on  so in
life Thank you very much Francisco Well look you
know what I'm telling you that better
match for Teresa totally gossip
I'm very sad because they don't want me
there especially these last few days when I have
n't stopped roasting in the
sun I was just thinking about that I say that they do
n't want me there imagine the
decline you would have spent 20 I pay to
say that [ __ ] at least with 2
euros to make the note with two euros or
rather with a cer